This project aims to provide a 100% AI-powered code to generate reports and summaries. I merged the code with what I learned from Marymount University's Python course, such as dictionaries, lists, regular expressions, harvesting, and other basic Python programming concepts. I implemented the code with new technique to support the AI-powered program using torch, pdfplumber, transformers, textwrap, textblob, counter, and NLTK, along with an AI model that I included in the program. Not to mention, I conducted research and became familiar with other similar codes on few websites that assisted me in writing this code. 

The obstacles that I faced were misplacing words, syntax errors caused by writing my code incorrectly. Also, I encountered other mistakes, such as character limitations in summary generation. Not every AI model is free, and free AI models come with limitations. For instance, sustainability reports that I provided contain a large number of characters. Therefore, the AI model is unable to fully inspect and summarize every keyword and synonym. The output may appear with cut-off words, shortened sentences, or words that are not reported properly, making the summary unclear.

In the end, I researched and asked for help online. I examined my code and tried to work within the limitations. I aimed to create a slightly more structured insights without excessive cut-off words and sentence. I learned how to write a code and implement AI to generate text without relying only on regular harvesting and text summarization.

### Example Output:
Aramco Sustainability Report

Aramco_Sustainability_Report.pdf has been downloaded successfully

Harvesting important paragraphs...

 This is an AI-Generated Report for Aramco:
 
(Pages 58) Companies not fully operational are excluded from reporting Climate change and Safe operations. more sustainable energy to communities around. Value of oil and gas 10 business cycles by maintaining its

(Pages 58) areas (Climate change and the energy transition, environmental impact, and Growing societal value), and metrics. SABIC and SOils sustainability data are not in the Page 22 Page 50

(Pages 58) ESG disclosures include: environmental impact societal value (GHG) emissions Greenh...


 STC Sustainability Report
 
STC_Sustainability_Report.pdf has been downloaded successfully

Harvesting important paragraphs...

 This is an AI-Generated Report for STC:
 
(Pages 58) Energy and climate change 56 Water management 75 2023 Sustainability Report provides an indepth look into our sustainability strategy, our

(Pages 58) Stc has established a comprehensive climate strategy. Within each chapter, each subsection represents a material topic. Our sustainability strategy is rooted in the sustainability pillars of environmental, social, governance, and

(Pages 58) Stc publishes an annual Sustainability Report to highlight its commitment to reducing carbon emi...


 Microsoft Sustainability Report
 
Microsoft_Sustainability_Report.pdf has been downloaded successfully

Harvesting important paragraphs...

 This is an AI-Generated Report for Microsoft:
 
(Pages 58) Reducing our Scope 3, or indirect, emissions. more than the issues around climate change. We all Brad Smith Melanie Nakagawa can help address the climate crisis.

(Pages 58) Reducing carbon emissions, renewable energy assets to more than 19.8 gigawatts up to sponsor and drive this work. the infrastructure and electricity needed for these. We take a holistic approach to becoming optimized to support AI workloads.

(Pages 58) 8,537 metric tons of solid waste were diverted 15,849 acres w...


====================================================================================================

Compiling AI Sustainability Record

Aramco Sustainability Report's Summary:

(Pages 58) Companies not fully operational are excluded from reporting Climate change and Safe
operations. more sustainable energy to communities around. Value of oil and gas 10 business cycles
by maintaining its (Pages 58) areas (Climate change and the energy transition, environmental impact,
and Growing societal value), and metrics. SABIC and SOils sustainability data are not in the Page 22
Page 50 (Pages 58) ESG disclosures include: environmental impact societal value (GHG) emissions
Greenhouse Gas Protocol; and GHG emissions, in accordance with the revised Investors Annual Report
2023. (Pages 58) Shaybahs reserves alone can supply the entire worlds oil requirements for over 160
days (and Europes for over two years) Aramco and its affiliate, SOil, commenced Aramco entered the
global L (Pages 58) This represents a significant step forward in our Oil from plastic waste
strategy. Developing new ammonia cracking technology chemicals strategy, increasing our presence in
China. Outcomes and impacts converted oil derived from (Pages 58) 7 double counting of emissions
associated with wheeled power, in line with GHG Protocol Yanbu Refinery becomes fourth Aramco
facility SAR 769 more information on our GHG methodology, please refer to page 30 of this report.
provided synthetic fuel compatible with 24 engine. (Pages 58) Hydrocarbon reserves of Saudi Arabian
Oil Company (the Company) as at section on page 36 in the Aramco Annual Report 2023. Metric reported
for the first time externally. (Pages 58) Climate change and strategy to achieve lowercarbon
solutions and (2022 55.7) Minimizing 52 upstream and downstream assetbased 85.6. Climate change and
the (Pages 58) Aramco aims to provide affordable, reliable energy. Played a key role in Oil and Gas
Decarbonization. Total number of BPAs to 14 (2022 15) (Pages 58) COP 28 and signed by more than 50
oil and natural intensity 2 chain. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions across Upstream carbon.
Continued pursuing a water neutrality whollyowned operated assets by 2050. (Pages 58) The Jazan
Refinery is excluded from our GHG reporting in 2022 and 2021. In 2023, only the stabilized units of
Jazans Refinery are included in GHG metrics reporting. This is to avoid double counting of emissions
associated with wheeled power. (Pages 58) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING largest oil
producer solutions and energy security Became the worlds leading oil Flare monitoring system Sudair
renewable project Aramco (Pages 58) Saudi Arabian Oil Company 2013 issues its first sustainability
report, The birth of Arabian oil Setting our sustainability Taking bold leaps forward reducing
emissions Accelerating change founding whollyowned operated assets 1933 foundations 1960 1990s
member of the Oil Gas 2022 (Pages 58) Hawiyah carbon capture, announced ambition to deliver with the
crude oil. Concession chains providing technical in the Eastern Province efficiently to the Gulf
War. (Pages 58) Standard Oil of California) Saudi entrepreneurs 1975 tons CO per annum of protected
areas for Saudis energy mix toward natural gas by the end of 2001 Nurturing biodiversity Expanding
renewable energy (Pages 58) Blue ammonia world first oil from plastic waste at scale to CLIMATE
CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING some of which may be more suitable in certain complexes, one
through our affiliate SOil in South (Pages 58) electrified steam reforming of hydrocarbons to
sustainable development. How to facilitate the transition of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. larger
plant with the ability to capture more than have been shared with relevant teams. (Pages 58) "We
have piloted a novel they demonstrate every day and know we will minimize flaring and further
reducing our GHG method with our partners at King Abdullah University continue to make great strides
together" (Pages 58) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Value of oil and gas Oil and gas an
integral part of everyday life Powering the pathways (Pages 58) Oil and gas are not just reliable
energy sources; they are also a key component of the thousands transportation of renewable energy
infrastructure is, today, part of the oil (Pages 58) MMt of crude oil equivalent The oil products
and gas required to equivalent to 90 MMt of crude oil (Pages 58) Natural gas is the primary
feedstock Source Smil, 2016 Source United Nations, 2022 Oil Oil and gas fuel the production of
cement (Pages 58) of essential infrastructure. Oilbased products Supporting healthcare Longhaul
travel remains reliant on oil and gas. Furthermore, oilbased products are essential for (Pages 58)
materials, (which enhance energy efficiency) along CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING
rroollee ffoorr aa pprraaccttiiccaall (Pages 58) Oil and gas is expecteAcdcele rtatoed
tcranositinontinue to be an essential part of the mix in the world. G10l0obal total oil and gas
demand by scenario, 20232050 Glo2b (Pages 58) 60 Natural gas will help facsicleintaartieos a shift
to lower emissions by replacing higher carbonemitting coal in electricity generation. They are
alternative pathways (Pages 58) Oil and gas is expected to continue to play an eminent role in tools
and models. Oil has maintained the largest share in the global energy mix. (Pages 58) 9 million3 oil
for its superior energydensity properties. almost six decades and the share of natural gas is
continuing to rise. scenarios help us benchmark against consensus views and dependent on oil (Pages
58) Aramcos hydrocarbon products have one of CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING. vehicles
targets only about onequarter of total oil demand. Despite (Pages 58) We are planning to increase
our production of conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East have orderly, and inclusive energy
transition to mitigate natural gas. and our strategy the lowest in the industry per barrel of oil
equivalent. Through this integrated approach, we are Global (Pages 58) reemphasized the link between
geopolitical risk anthropogenic climate change while addressing and unconventional by more than 60
by 2030. crude oil and liquids for power generation. advancing technical and professional Climate
change and the energy transition (Pages 58) oil company by production volume and monetizing its
upstream production. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions Minimizing environmental impact (Pages 58)
Aramco aims to lower the net GHG promotion of national competitively and sustainably in new that
emit less carbon dioxide during diverse, more sustainable and globally. Aram (Pages 58) Nations'
Sustainable Development Renewable Climate change Safe operations and Attracting the economy air
pollution This process includes Affirmation that Aramcos roadmap to establish (Pages 58) Climate
change and the energy transition. Minimizing environmental impact. Local environmental. Number of
hydrocarbon spills. Sites with ISO 14001 certification. For SDG contribution see page 22. (Pages 58)
Upstream methane intensity (million) impact Volume of hydrocarbon spills (bbl) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE
OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Quarterly earnings calls (Pages 58) Climate change CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE
OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Climate change and the energy transition (Pages 58) Aramco is in a leading
position with one of the lowest (million metric tons of CO e) emissions. We have an ambition to
achieve netzero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions across. (Pages 58) Aramco to meet its GHG our GHG
emissions mitigation and abatement journey3. Refinery (stabilized units) in the 2023 GHG emission
inventory. (Pages 58) 26,754 maintains its goal of mitigating and reducing GHG emissions across its
operations. To support lower GHG emitting and more affordable energy, In 2023 we planted 1.1 (Pages
58) The 2021 Scope 2 emissions and upstream carbon intensity figures are reported using a
locationbased method. T his figure has undergone external limited assurance in accordance to the
ISAE 3000 (revised) ensure that we align with the Kingdoms ambitions on climate change. (Pages 58)
Jazan Refinery was excluded from our GHG reporting in 2022 and 2021. In 2022, we began reporting
associated energy metrics. In 2023, in addition to the energy metrics, the stabilized 2.2-meter
units of Jazan refineries will be included in GHG emissions reporting. (Pages 58) Climate change and
the energy transition continued Our climate change and Our corporate strategy anchors on four
strategic Our climate change and energy transition framework (Pages 58) our climate change
initiatives and investments intensities per barrel of oil equivalent in the world, climate change
(Pages 58) As one of the worlds largest integrated energy and Climate change risk Climate change is
a top corporate priority for us and projects to enhance energy efficiency and mitigate (Pages 58)
Our response to climate change is embedded in our value chains GHG emissions. business strategy,
supported by our climate change (Pages 58) This forms an essential component of supporting and
energy transition framework and our five GHG the Kingdoms target of netzero by 2060. It includes
energy efficiency, flaring and GHG emissions management Transport technologies and fuels. (Pages 58)
Nonmetallics deployment technological, and human capital to invest at scale to Flaring and methane
reduction. Renewable energy Policy Policies restricting or banning use. Climaterelated demand
scenarios, leveraging (Pages 58) Costs on carbon mitigation initiatives to inform business decision
making. Investing in lower carbon emissions of GHG reduction technologies. Loss of demand for
hydrocarbons. Divers (Pages 58) Aramco Ventures aims to reduce GHG emissions from its oil and gas
operations. The company is also working on a low carbon intensity strategy. (Pages 58) In 2019,
Aramco was benchmarked1 with the lowest energy intensity among major oil companies. All of our
production strategies have enabled outstanding water management performance throughout. (Pages 58)
Aramco's ambition is to continue to mitigate GHG GHG emissions by 2050. Aramco's Scope 1 emissions
decreased by 2.3 compared to 2022. (Pages 58) Jazan Refinery (stabilized units) in the 2023 GHG GHG
emissions emissions inventory, and an increase in gas production. energy efficiency projects, flare
and methane including energy optimization and energy efficiency. (Pages 58) renewable energy use,
including the use of natural Upstream carbon intensity relative to major crude oil producers per
barrel of oil The Companys GHG emissions management program (Pages 58) We have delivered a first
pilot shipment of 8.7 kg CO 2eboe (using the 2018 baseline of 10.2 kg intensity) We are using a
continuous based approach to calculate (Pages 58) 2MM bbl of Arabian Light crude oil with a product
level carbon emissions. This first shipment entailed to 18.2 MMtCO 2e (2.42 kg CO 2eboe under
locationbased method) (Pages 58) Aramco plans to report both locationbased and market-based
emissions. Aramco's focus is on the management of GHG COP 28 Presidency and the Kingdom of Saudi
marketbased approaches. (Pages 58) Our 1.5 billion Sustainability Fund, which invests of global oil
production. lowerGHG emissions. objectives of the charter are to align the oil and to ISAE 3000
(revised) (Pages 58) our GHG reporting. The assurance report can be found online on the
Sustainability section of our website. CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING on five key levers
energy efficiency across (Pages 58) Aramco has a target to invest and offsets. increased use of
renewable energy sources; Energy efficiency Flaring and methane Carbon capture Renewables Natural
climate solutions were (Pages 58) Energy efficiency has been refined from of investments in digital
and 2 geothermal energy in the Kingdom. Implemented 110 energy efficiency Enhancements in flaring
minimization the CCS lever solar PV projects. (Pages 58) GHG emissions mitigation CLIMATE CHANGE
SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Energy management and energy efficiency (Pages 58) Office Buildings. to
improve energy performance in 2000. Since 2013, than in 2022. Cogeneration plants, operational Gas
Plant win the Clean Energy Ministerial energy management systems performance. (Pages 58) 2021 116.6
Energy Efficiency Enhancement Study to optimize efficiency for both our operations and the national
Embracing 4 IR to become even more energy efficient further enhance energy efficiency. (Pages 58)
Energy Demand Forecasting Solution is implemented to achieve improved thermal energy efficiency. In
2023, we achieved emissions and preserve resources. 2 Supporting corporate GHG emissions mitigation
and. (Pages 58) studies identified energy efficiency initiatives Kingdoms overall GHG emissions, it
contributes which has improved energy efficiency in non (Pages 58) Methane is a potent GHG with a
higher global creating solutions to reduce such flaring, from larger which resulted in the recovery
of 8.9 billion SCF priority for Aramco and the oil and gas industry. (Pages 58) Manifa Producing
Plant avoided flaring of thereby maintaining optimal combustion efficiency at methodology to account
for actual activity data. installing flare gas recovery systems at many of our operations. (Pages
58) GHG Satellite Monitoring Flaring intensity Upstream methane intensity Aramco is constantly
seeking ways to enhance GHG on GHG emissions mitigation, water conservation, (Pages 58) The Jazan
Refinery is excluded from our GHG and flaring reporting in 2022 and 2021. In 2023, only the
stabilized units of Jazans Refinery will be included in our GHGs and flares. (Pages 58) Aramco is
exploring the development of and our research centers act as technology hubs to our upstream
operations, including drilling. We are sequestered, and facilitating the Kingdom's GHG synthetic
fuels that produce lower GHG emissions. (Pages 58) In 2023, a first shipment of
independentlycertified addressing its GHG emissions and netzero ambitions, captured and sequestered.
lower carbon intensity crudes and investment in GHG are working closely with technology providers.
(Pages 58) The project will be located carbon intensity compared to the global average for Oil
Engineering Co. The cost of SAF is currently 3 to 5 times the cost of jet by Aramco Trading Company
to the Fuji Oil Company. (Pages 58) The LCAF can be incorporated as a fossilbased aviation source in
its own right. It will help to mitigate grid relies heavily on coal as well as helping to production
of synthetic fuels. (Pages 58) addressing GHG emissions in the aviation sector, CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE
OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Renewable energy (Pages 58) gas storage facility in the Kingdom This policy
has a multifold impact of more efficient allocation of renewable energy certificates (RECs) and
significantly lowerGHG emissions. other opportunities to advance its progress in renewable energy.
(Pages 58) Companys plans to expand its gas and Geothermal energy sources to meet short term demand
spikes. Renewable Energy Program, in 2016, with the goal Three potential locations on the Western
coast of in its renewable energy program. (Pages 58) Natural gas is a key enabler for the energy
transition, Displacement Program, which aims to displace nonrenewable energy. We are supporting
(Pages 58) industrial growth, and lowering GHG emissions. CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING
are set to be the primary engine of oil demand (Pages 58) Nonmetallic materials reduce carbon
emissions partnership with SOil, in South Korea. Shaheen is to lower emissions will be that of
evolving how we Material substitution has a high potential to reduce partnership with Soil. (Pages
58) Aramco is collaborating with the University of steel and concrete. materials can contribute to
reduced carbon emissions advance on our liquidstochemicals strategy in Asia. These alternative
materials can help to drive GHG (Pages 58) CrudetoChemicals deployment at subsidiary SOil,
infrastructure and renewables. Uthmaniyah Gas Plant, and Khurais Oil Complex. demonstration in
Dhahran (Pages 58) Insitu's mission is to drive nearterm GHG emissions. Insitu generation of
hydrogen in subsurface that can reduce Aramcos GHg emissions. (Pages 58) Arabias mangrove plantation
initiatives to quantify Water management 50.1 32.2 Following the collection of all the required
subsurface carbon stock of planted and existing mangroves of Crudetochemicals 16.4 30.3 sup2 plied
from Aramco. (Pages 58) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING address climate change and
sustainable development and benchmarks to ensure offsets are high quality. challenges. As
hydrocarbons remain a significant part and carbon dioxide into sustainable aviation fuel, (Pages 58)
"We recognize carbon intensity would allow us to contribute to the Kingdoms NDCs. should be
proportionate to the challenges in a company that uses renewable energy for hydrogen," he said
(Pages 58) The Sustainability Fund is among Arabian Light crude oil with a product level carbon
emissions intensity kind in the Middle East. IR4.0 solutions, industrial technologies, GHG emissions
mitigation and (Pages 58) from the Saudibased RVCM of a certified renewable energy project in Aramco
longterm strategy targets We believe an understanding of product level carbon emissions, Americas
Europe Saudi Arabia Asia alongside GHG emissions reduction initiatives and the optional use of
(Pages 58) offsets for residual GHG emissions, all thirdparty verified, can assist San Francisco
Boston Oslo Beijing CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING In addition to developing technologies
to capture carbon dioxide at the point of (Pages 58) Daphne has more than a dozen granted patents
and has licensed the technology to Daphne. Captured carbon dioxide can be utilized as part
demonstration plant at the Shaybah Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) recovery site (Pages 58) Natural gas is
expected to serve as a bridging fuel in a transition to a lower GHG emissions. Aramco is a producer
of nonmetallic materials for the oil and gas industry. (Pages 58) International investment in LNG by
signing a definitive agreement in September 2023 to and renewable energy sectors. We are reducing
the corrosion, weight, and cost. (Pages 58) traffic training and education, we use oil spill
response, subsea repairs, CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS
MINIMIZING (Pages 58) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS
MINIMIZING Local environmental impact .................................... 72 (Pages 58) Water
management.................................................. 74 CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS
MINIMIZING Minimizing environmental impact (Pages 58) One onshore oil spill in the Riyadh Freshwater
consumption m3boe the primary source of water for oil production and to ensure clean and monitoring
systems while proactively managing operations. Recovered hydro (Pages 58) Shaybah Wildlife Sanctuary
8. Bahra Biodiversity Protection Area with our offshore oil and gas facilities acting as artificial
to traditional wastewater treatment methods. Minimizing environmental impact (Pages 58) CLIMATE
CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Local environmental impact Local environmental impact (Pages 58)
employs rigorous inspection programs to assess the response to oil spills; hydrocarbonfueled power
generation is replaced Some of our key oil spill detection procedures include chemicals and air,
water, and soil contamination. (Pages 58) Abqaiq Plants achieves 1st place in the 2023 upgraded with
low and ultralow NOx burners to efficient response to oil spill emergencies in the hydrocarbon
spills. and the national environmental regulatory standards. (Pages 58) Abqaiq Plants achieved Gold
status in the 2023. King Khalid Foundation Sustainability Award for have 12 oil spills, which led to
a volume of 8,566 (Pages 58) In 2022, the largest spill was due to an incident concerning a major
loss of containment of crude that responsible for more than 97 of the total oil spills. Of these 12
oil spills, nine were onshore with further environmental impacts. (Pages 58) CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE
OPERATIONS MINIMIZING Water management Water management (Pages 58) Aramco is working to reduce its.
dependency on nonrenewable water supply (million m3) and. adequately treat wastewater. Aramco is
seeking to enhance the recovery of the reverse part of the largest conventional (Pages 58) from
Pollution, among other Saudi Arabia Award Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary CLIMATE CHANGE
SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING (Pages 58) Companys Marine Facility houses 500 assets in 10 oil and gas
fields. Marine Facility is one of the worlds largest offshore oil operations. to reduce industrial
waste generation and (Pages 58) "We have trained and certified and refurbished over 8,500 metric
tons of oil country. We have continued to implement automatic crude oil contractor monitoring
program," the company said. (Pages 58) This concrete provides utilization and minimize environmental
impact. initiatives that align with our circular economy. We continue to implement circular economy
principles. Industrial waste disposed Breakdown not disclosed minimize waste generation. (Pages 58)
Aramco's contributions span natural gas, roads, educational facilities, and cultural. Aramco
promotes lifelong learning and development by building contributions. (Pages 58) Sustainability
e.g., lower energy, GHG emissions CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING training sessions to
SMEs to raise awareness on GHG ventures, suppliers, government relationships, (Pages 58) natural
gasbased direct reduced iron using an CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE
OPERATIONS MINIMIZING (Pages 58) Council pollutants and protect shorelines 2.1 tons of carbon
dioxide CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING (Pages
58) In 2023, matters. sustainability strategy and performance. The Committee provides advice on As a
leading oil and gas company, we recognize the The Board of Directors (Board) of Aramco oversees
Board members. (Pages 58) longterm strategy to achieve the Companys help us progress in our GHG
emissions mitigation its GHG emissions mitigation ambition. CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS
MINIMIZING (Pages 58) Corporate committees The SSC evaluates the Companys GHG mitigation Ethics and
compliance reviews, major incidents, insurance survey outcomes, sustainability metrics such as GHG
emissions intensity, Company inKingdom Saudi Arabian Oil Company inKingdom (Pages 58) Operational
control Saudi Arabian Oil Company inKingdom Group Saudi Arabian Oil Company, together with its
consolidated CLIMATE CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING (Pages 58) Climate change and the energy
transition Safe operations and people development continued Climate change Scope 1 emissions 54.4,1
Operational control 55.7,1operational control 52.3,1 Workforce Total recordable case rate 0.042
Operational (Pages 58) total upstream GHG emissions natural gas, ) Number of female employees 5,294
Company inKingdom 4,503 Company inKingdom 3,802 Company inKingdom of oil equivalent produced,
scfboe) (Pages 58) Jazan Refinery was excluded from our GHG reporting in 2022 and 2021, while the
energy metrics were excluded in 2021. In 2022, it remained in the startup and stabilization phase,
and procedural guide. 2023 training and development hours are reported using the methodology as
outlined by the Ministry Procedural Guidelines. (Pages 58) E mployee wages and benefits 16,088 Group
14,665 Group 14,.066 Group Barrels of crude oil, condensate or refined products of Aramco.
Minimizing (Pages 58) D ividends paid includes 101,628 Group 78,863 Group 76,911 Group Barrels of
oil equivalent Biodiversity Protection Area governments3 ( million) CO or equivalent GHG (Pages 58)
Carbon dioxide (CO) Corporate Board composition by 63.45 Company 62.45 company. Thousand barrels of
oilequivalent per day principal greenhouse gas that affects the Earths (Pages 58) 5 Million barrels
of oilequivalent per day has a Global Warming Potential of 1.5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide
equivalent sources. Average tenure inKingdom5 in Kingdom (Pages 58) Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO e)
from various greenhouse gases based upon their global warming potential (GWP). Carbon dioxide (Pages
58) This metric is converted at a fixed rate of U.S. dollar 1.00 SAR 3.75 for convenience only.
Dividends paid includes dividends to shareholders and noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. For
this metric, Company inKingdom refers to Saudi Arabian Oil Company. (Pages 58) Greenhouse gas (GHG)
IFRS A measure of greenhouse gas emissions in carbon Carbon dioxide equivalent. Any gas that absorbs
infrared radiation in the International Financial Reporting Standard. (Pages 58) produce oil
equivalent. space. Greenhouse gases include CO, methane, and pronouncements endorsed by Saudi
Organization GHG avoidance program to promote the development of a localized The avoidance of GHG
emissions that would energyindustrial ecosystem. (Pages 58) It is regulated Technologies and
processes that extract CO 2 directly otherwise occur without the protective actions in the
production of fuels, chemicals, building GHG emission mitigation. to account for their GHG
emissions. (Pages 58) Mitigation credits generated in one location that Refers to the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia. GHG reduction from time to time. A quantified absolute decrease in GHG emissions
emission. (Pages 58) CHP atmosphere. Withdrawal of a GHG andor a precursor from the atmosphere by a
GHG sink or GHG removal IPO in absolute CO GHG emissions relative to current Government ISO (Pages
58) Circular economy efficiency is one of the core strategies for reducing Greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions. KFUPM is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that Climate Btus per total production
in barrel of oil equivalent (Pages 58) relevant quantities over a period of time ranging from The
GHG Protocol establishes comprehensive global Kingdom Climate change sector operations, value chains
and mitigation actions. LTI change includes major changes in temperature, ESG for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD). (Pages 58) Saudi Arabian Oil Company, together with its throughout the Kingdom.
Cogeneration Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent consolidated subsidiaries. Substances
containing only hydrogen and carbon. (Pages 58) Saudi Arabian Oil Company (The Company). 2 As
defined and discussed on page 126 of the production and distribution of natural gas and Aramco
Annual Report 2023. petroleum, coal production, and incomplete fossil (Pages 58) Saudi Arabian Oil
Company, together with its subsidiaries, are responsible for the emission of carbon dioxide. Carbon
dioxide. services produced within a nations geographic No. M37, dated 241439H (Pages 58) Natural gas
Subsidiaries greenhouse gas (GHG) lifecycle emissions. This is achieved when anthropogenic GHG
emissions reducing emissions, increasing the Kingdoms use of (Pages 58) GHG emissions chemically
synthesized from hydrogen and CO. to the atmosphere are balanced by anthropogenic clean energy. NGL
International Aviation (CORSIA). Direct emissions are captured either directly from the air or from
2 (Pages 58) Natural gas liquids are liquid or liquefied onsite fuel combustion, flaring, venting
and fugitive industrial installations. For of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated
Scope 2 GHG emissions. (Pages 58) For purposes of production, ethane is reported separately with
reasonable certainty to be economically Indirect emissions, which account for GHG emissions
material, including nontoxic and nonflammable. United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. (Pages
58) negatively impacted reliability. the development and resilience of the Saudi economy delivery to
using onboard ships and GHG emissions SOil Zero carbon SOil Corporation. Applies only to energy
sources, processes, products, (Pages 58) Referenced affiliates are separate legal entities that are
subject to their own governance frameworks. projects, etc., that emit zero carbon emissions. CLIMATE
CHANGE SAFE OPERATIONS MINIMIZING certain (Pages 58) GHG emissions; the inability to meet our
plastic aspects of Aramco. waste and water management targets or successfully Download our Annual
Report 2022 (PDF) the benefits of oil and gas hydrocarbons for future (Pages 58) global supply,
demand and price fluctuations of oil, information from other internet sites. Such links and climate
change concerns, weather conditions and GHG emission reduction targets by 2050; 2021, 2022, and 2023
(Pages 58) operational risk and hazards common in the oil and the cyclical nature of the oil and
gas, refining and

Analyzing repetitive keywords and synonyms:
 - oil: 107 times
 - coal: 3 times
 - pollution: 1 times

 Sentiment Inspection: Positive

STC Sustainability Report's Summary:

(Pages 58) Energy and climate change 56 Water management 75 2023 Sustainability Report provides an
indepth look into our sustainability strategy, our (Pages 58) Stc has established a comprehensive
climate strategy. Within each chapter, each subsection represents a material topic. Our
sustainability strategy is rooted in the sustainability pillars of environmental, social,
governance, and (Pages 58) Stc publishes an annual Sustainability Report to highlight its commitment
to reducing carbon emissions and promoting sustainable practices in climate. The report also
highlights the organization's proactive approach to addressing climate change. (Pages 58) In 2023,
we refreshed our sustainability strategy and roadmap after conducting (including Saudi and culture
capital through digital ethical excellence) The refreshed sustainability strategy embodies our
ambition to further management (Pages 58) Engagement with stakeholders is a key aspect of stcs
sustainability strategy, we seek to help our customers reduce their environmental impact especially
Working with companies that might have a negative environmental impact, Potential Negative (Pages
58) can better contribute to the sustainable development agenda in a more holistic manner. change
sustainability Renewable energy across facilities and climate and water management sustainability
Water recycling facility plan (Pages 58) Sustainable products and services through stc Cloud, Iot
squared, ensure this is achieved. We are guided in our reporting practices Vision, and international
agreements such as the Paris Agreement for Climate Change. (Pages 58) our customers by lowering
pollution emanating from our operations, eliminating contamination throughout our value programs to
reduce our carbon footprint and increase positive (Pages 58) Energy and climate change 2050. We have
incorporated this ultimate goal into our Groupwide climate change mitigation. Joined the global
movement of leading companies. Identified carbon footprint and Signed first renewable energy pilot.
Achieved verified submission to the (Pages 58) Our ambition is not only to drive climate action
through operational optimization. Promote continuity quality of information, GHG emissions
governance. Improved energy efficiency of data. (Pages 58) Each pillar is supported by sciencebased
targets, KPIs, and Groupwide initiatives. Reduce the climate impact from materials, Carbon
enablement, Sustainable products and Improved energy efficiency at tower sites action. (Pages 58)
Sustainability Supply Chain Policy mitigate the physical and economic impacts of climate change to
the best. that reports to the board, which meets quarterly to oversee implementation. (Pages 58) The
benefits of VDT are manifold. Assessment has allowed us to pinpoint the significant climate change
risks and opportunities. Scenario 1 Business as usual Assumes that GHG emissions will continue to
(Pages 58) scenario that limits global warming to 1.5 C through stringent climate policies to
climate change renewable energy (Pages 58) Transitional Policy GHG Emission Introduction of carbon
Transitional Policy GHG Emission Introduction of carbon Transitional Technology Renewable Energy
Late adoption of (Pages 58) Adoption renewable energy leads to support lowcarbon initiatives,
incorporating renewable energy sources and waste Metrics and targets Case study Energy efficiency
using Artificial (Pages 58) "We are committed to further progress in reducing our carbon emissions
and achieving our netzero target. These activities, as well as for those of our customers, will
continue to (Pages 58) Our strategies focus on minimizing environmental impact while maintaining
operational efficiency. Energy Efficiency Mandates We impose strict energy efficiency criteria on
all power and cooling reducing transportation needs and, consequently, lowering carbon emissions
associated with our (Pages 58) Solar energy is one of the fastest growing renewable energy sources.
As photovoltaic (PV) additional 1,335.77 MWh of renewable energy. PUE values are associated with the
IT Load utilization (Pages 58) New Era Infrastructure CloudNative Data overall sustainability
strategy as it boosts infrastructure sharing capabilities, which in turn helps reduce the collective
environmental impact of stc Group, including all (Pages 58) 1,002 countries were running on
renewable energy as a primary energy source. Promoting energy efficiency is one of TAWALs strategic
pillars with a focus on reducing visual pollution. (Pages 58) Through implementing energy efficiency
technologies, we anticipate energy cost powered by renewable energy 69 69 66 0 0 0 0 0 0 49
Renewable Energy Pilot Project (Pages 58) Our renewable energy pilot project aims to install solar
photovoltaic (PV) systems within carbon emissions by an estimated 8000 metric tons annually, as well
as generating over 14.2 GWh of annual green energy. (Pages 58) Risks and challenges associated with
climate change have become much more visible. 248,783 attention to GHG emissions and the risks that
they pose as a part of this global issue. (Pages 58) unprecedented only a few short years ago.
Climate change can no longer be perceived as a Afforestation and Climate Change necessary actions to
manage and reduce carbon emissions from our own operations and (Pages 58) Stc stcs carbon footprint
is calculated based on the international GHG Protocol. This includes an ambitious Groupwide target
to achieve net Reforestation has a positive impact on climate change. (Pages 58) the World Business
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). To offset emissions GHG Emissions Direct GHG (Pages 58)
TQA overlooks all technologies within stc Group, which means that these certifications help resource
management activities, facility efficiencies, and environmental practices. Total GHG emissions
407,082 389,505 277,245 679,422 1 (Pages 58) Water management the industry, and featured 120
attendees across all knowledge sessions during the past year. the need for sustainable water
management strategies to ensure resource efficiency and environmental responsibility (Pages 58) Stc
plans to establish an innovation hub by 2024, to tackle climate change and enhance. The proposed
facility will repurpose water for irrigation and essential sanitary activities. Total waste is a
crucial component of our sustainability strategy (Pages 58) Addressing the social pillar within our
sustainability strategy has consisted of launching an such as oil and gas, shipping, and airports,
with more underway. stcs Private MEC represents these facilities incorporate enhanced energy
efficiency and sustainability throughout the (Pages 58) With the successful implementation of energy
efficiency technologies, we have observed efforts to minimize power consumption and environmental
impact, setting new standards 0.36 10.94 sustainable development and operational excellence in the
rapidly evolving digital landscape. (Pages 58) Among the prioritized United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals that best reflects our business. We seek to serve the digitally disadvantaged
while simultaneously tackling the critical issue of ewaste adherence to a welldesigned long (Pages
58) Approve sustainability strategy Approve sustainability strategy and report GCSO Endorse
sustainability strategy (Pages 58) Business conduct should support minimizing our direct
environmental impact. Collaboration and alliance with suppliers, customers, and partners. This is
like renewable energy projects and energy damgroupsitesenpdf. (Pages 58) Principle 8 stc commits to
achieving netzero GHG Environmental Respon 5557, 6579 human rights abuses. and supplier code of
conduct that specifically Responsible supply chain significant environmental (Pages 58) bargaining
in accordance with Saudi law achieving netzero carbon emissions by 2050 and development investment
in renewable energy and energy statement environmental impact but also encourage the (Pages 58) 4031
management system 3051 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions and incident investigation 3052 Energy
indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 3053 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 72 (Pages 58) and safety
Emissions 3054 GHG emissions intensity 66 Occupational and safety 3055 Reduction of GHG emissions 72
Resource Management (Pages 58) Energy and climate change development programs Scope 3 GHG 1.2b i. 72
group insurance (health, dental, life etc.) zero GHG emissions across the value chain by 2050.
(Pages 58) examination, etc.) absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 50 absolute scope 1, 2
and 3 GHG emissions 90 by 2050

Analyzing repetitive keywords and synonyms:
 - oil: 2 times
 - pollution: 2 times
 - contamination: 1 times

 Sentiment Inspection: Positive

Microsoft Sustainability Report's Summary:

(Pages 58) Reducing our Scope 3, or indirect, emissions. more than the issues around climate change.
We all Brad Smith Melanie Nakagawa can help address the climate crisis. (Pages 58) Reducing carbon
emissions, renewable energy assets to more than 19.8 gigawatts up to sponsor and drive this work.
the infrastructure and electricity needed for these. We take a holistic approach to becoming
optimized to support AI workloads. (Pages 58) 8,537 metric tons of solid waste were diverted 15,849
acres were designated as permanently. 19.8 gigawatts (GW) of renewable energy assets were provided.
(Pages 58) the climate crisis. As a global technology provider, Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon
Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) our ongoing work to advance clean energy unbundled renewable
energy certificates. Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) By 2030, we will reduce our Scope 3
emissions by more than half from our value chain. We are committed to being carbon negative
renewable energy by 2025. energy efficiency, decarbonization of our operations, and reaching 100
result is driven by our ongoing work to advance clean energy procurement. (Pages 58) Microsoft
continues to work to scale corporate clean energy. By 2030, 100 of our electricity consumption will
be matched by zero carbon. In 2023, we increased our contracted portfolio of renewable energy assets
(Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Renewable energy electricity or engaged Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems continue to expand to meet our climate goals. As
we continue to electrify our global fleet by 2030, By leaning into education and (Pages 58) Carbon
Water Waste Ecosystems installation of fault detection diagnosis (FDD) actual global warming
potential of the materials we To improve data quality and reduce manual entry have been accessing
direct renewable energy (Pages 58) the carbon footprint of our food program and Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems largest corporate renewable energy purchasers (Pages 58) facilitate a circular economy in
the renewable energy John Tien We have begun embedding community funds in global power purchase
agreements (PPAs)for example, a 366MW renewable energy deal in Ireland laying the foundations for
renewable energy (Pages 58) infrastructure reuse and recycling, concurrently We also partnered with
Clearloop to expand equitable access to clean energy our procurement of renewable energy and
investing for all, we follow three principles renewable energy credits. Microsoft helped get the
project online and provided (Pages 58) purchasers of renewable energy, we continue to seek energy
infrastructure. 2 R equiring recycled materials in renewable energy solutions in the renewable
energy and mechanisms enabling access (Pages 58) renewable energy public policy. Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems Advancing carbon dioxide removal (CDR) Progressing towards 2030 (Pages 58) generation of
largescale carbon dioxide removal greater than 5 million metric tons. Projects signed in renewable
energy procurement experience and are we signed a longterm offtake with Mombak for Carbon Water
Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) The plant is expected to be online by the end of the year. It is part of
a larger plan to build a 19.8 power plant across the country. (Pages 58) of renewable energy assets
to over Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Advocating for clean energy infrastructure (Pages 58) AES
Brasil is clean energy each year. Clean electricity from the farm operated and maintained locally by
a team fuels and reducing carbon emissions from our and clean electric grid. (Pages 58) Carbon Water
Waste Ecosystems for clean energy will investment remains lowercarbon materials important role in
Scope to support global to be addressed through sectors, we will use forward our Scope 3 carbon
emissions. (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems are identified, the local water utilities will
conduct urbanization, resulting in water pollution and lower Colorado River Basin. The project
brings Industries, Pacific Institute, and local housing Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58)
managed drinking water and more than half of Mexico, and Chile, we have reached our target to
adapting to climate change in the Deccan region of Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) forcings from the IPCC Climate Change 2022 and biodiversity work and is the
basis for many sanitation infrastructure. Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems and carbon emissions associated with the life
cycle Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) management to reduce waste and carbon emissions.
Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) contamination. In China, our
campuses are actively implement reusable cooking oil containers Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages
58) contamination and potential equipment failure. 75 to the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals; waste and carbon emissions; procurement (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems
processincluding energy efficiency, repairability, Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58)
environmental impact of packaging used to our worldwide locations. This program is designed Carbon
Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon
Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) I mage captured by Darlene Campos,
Director of Sustainability Strategy, United States Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems (Pages 58) space helps mitigate water runoff as well as the pollution, and less required
energy for cooling Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems climate change, bee populations globally have been
two rain gardens on campus and procuring metal (Pages 58) pollution, says cofounder Bach Kim Nguyen.
And in the Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems practices that not only reduce our carbon footprint
supports biodiversity, manages stormwater, and biodiversity impact of ecological enhancement (Pages
58) and sustainable water management systems are campuses have a positive impact on the Carbon Water
Waste Ecosystems landscapescale conservation efforts within the (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste
Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems (Pages 58) West Phoenix
initiative aims to combat urban heat and reduce carbon emissions Madrids Jarama riverbed from
January to May 2023. 547 tons of carbon over 50 years. Over 80 Microsoft people with disabilities as
volunteers and paid. (Pages 58) Carbon Water Waste Ecosystems sustainable development and realtime
data and insights can economy. We are elevating opportunities for improve the interoperability of
digital GHG Student Energy provides clean energy Its programs include a Greenlining the Block (Pages
58) LinkedIns grants have enabled it to community platforms, workshops, events, discovery,
understanding, and sharing of GHG. LinkedIn has awareness for climate equity and justice. (Pages 58)
climate crisis and technology can play a powerful Captured by of Scope 3 carbon emissions across
organizations into their environmental impact to address reporting (Pages 58) Microsoft Cloud for
Sustainability their lives and careers. Climate change is of several new reporting templates in
transparency into the carbon emissions generated with integrity and with reduced waste. (Pages 58)
Epic has helped to enhance the environmental impact of their games. We publish the carbon footprint
integration into Microsoft Intune and the Surface. renewable energy is at its highest in the (Pages
58) Xbox is currently working with Playing for Playing for. bills and lower carbon emissions. By
utilizing the sustainability into our devices with the goal of decarbonizing the carbon emissions
associated with to a supplychain. Mojang, (Pages 58) Industry has been working to reduce its carbon
footprint since 2020. Containers for Xbox are loose loaded rather than fully loaded. Each year we
have worked for sustainability suppliers transitioning to renewable energy. (Pages 58) In FY23, 59
renewable energy in the supply chain resulted in a 13 kg CO 2 equivalent reduction. Electric
vehicles and alternate fuel emissions suppliers transitioned to using renewable energy. (Pages 58)
in manufacturing facilities for Microsoft with six the carbon footprint of each Surface Laptop mile
deliveries. Approximately 25 of all online to the CDP climate change questionnaire from a carbon
emissions budget for logistics. This enables Approximately 25 of all online consumer (Pages 58) Some
of our accomplishments together include the opensource CarbonAware software to increase the carbon
efficiency of our software. using renewable energy in FY23. logistics emissions resulted in a 10
reduction in energy consumption and carbon (Pages 58) The impacts of climate change are often
unevenly adaptation and resilience research, planning, and have become a critical tool for spatial
planning. Today, contributors to climate change, they have been and policymakers. To address this
(Pages 58) Each month the data visualization of Esris ArcGIS, customers carbon emissions of
connected devices and software projects. Microsoft is committed industry to advance sustainable
packaging circular electronics. (Pages 58) As a corporate climate investor, we are differentiated
and be reminded that we are in this together. to optimizing climate impact in underfunded and use AI
to accelerate solution development. (Pages 58) Investing in AI realtime ground sensor measurements
to provide a is helping to switch households from charcoal to renewable natural gas. This is a
crucial digital MRV service to the carbon dioxide from the atmosphere using their direct air seen
(Pages 58) AI excels at combining disparate datasets with to traditional static line ratings. KOKO
Networks its renewable natural gas plants, creating rural varying spatial and temporal
characteristics, renewable energy onto the grid. (Pages 58) The Climate Innovation Fund is investing
in clean energy growth. The fund combines science, AI, and highperforming market. Many of the
firstofakind (FOAK) commercial (Pages 58) BlocPower has been working since 2021 to install, and
operate renewable energy systems. CIF is supporting the GHG emissions accounting accounting to
optimize for climate impact (Pages 58) work in conventional fossil fuel companies to join We are
advancing innovation beyond the oil and gas sectors directly, while also providing portfolio of over
55 investments to help affected by fossil fuel production and use. (Pages 58) Carbon capture and
storage involves capturing carbon dioxide from industrial. The ability of AI to measure, predict,
and optimize and analyzing battery performance. with AI BatteryML. (Pages 58) experiencing the
impacts of climate change. AI can threats, often due to climate change. organizations in determining
how to deploy and including those outlined in the KunmingMontreal disclosure policies Framework
Convention on Climate Change (Pages 58) Microsoft says it will continue to drive consistent, robust,
and accounting and highquality standards, prioritized highly durable carbon dioxide removal in
countries. In 2023, Microsoft will advocate comprehensive yet flexible corporate GHG affected
communities. (Pages 58) efforts to achieve zero waste, to be water positive, firstinthenation GHG
disclosure law in California electricity policy carbon dioxide removal guidelines, highquality We
doubled down on our efforts to advance efforts to streamline permitting for clean energy (Pages 58)
access to clean energy and increased investments in Microsoft helped create opensource, technical
and the revision of Renewable Energy Directive III. Act for the Energy Efficiency Directiveto
support. Key areas of focus include robust and (Pages 58) The U.S. roundtable on GHG accounting
standards and a climate change commitments. speed the transition to a decarbonized grid. (Pages 58)
The European Right to reporting to other environmental, social, a nd operating the clean energy grid
of the future. revision of the Waste of Electronics and Electronic scope is broadening from GHG
emissions. (Pages 58) AI models that accelerate data analysis by 10 down carbon emissions. 1.5
million pounds of carbon dioxide savings. This information helps with members and staff of the US
Congress. (Pages 58) CDP Climate Change since 2004, and to CDP that could cause actual results and
events to differ GHG Protocol and managements criteria and select oversight and guidance on
Microsofts environmental adoption. our carbon footprint to workforce (Pages 58) This definition is
consistent with RE100 technical 15. During at least third parties, including our customers and
partners. The overall manufacturing carbon footprint of for any cloud infrastructure product that is
(Pages 58) reduction seen in global warming potential from the environmental impact of their
Microsoft 365 LinkedIns Global Green Skills Report 2023 managed so that water scarcity and pollution
are

Analyzing repetitive keywords and synonyms:
 - pollution: 2 times
 - oil: 2 times
 - contamination: 1 times

 Sentiment Inspection: Positive

====================================================================================================
